Add 1215 to release notes (#3599)
grafana/k6: release notes/v0.50.0.md

## Bug fixes

> - [browser#1215](https://github.com/grafana/xk6-browser/pull/1215) fixes a data race during logging that causes a panic.

Reviewer: This is OK, but WDYT about the following?

```suggestion
fixes a data race during logging that panics.
```
